Using diff made it easy for me to spot the bug that had been introduced.


How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
It will make my troubleshooting work easier.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
pros
1. It allows you to choose the amount of data you would like to commit
2. It allows you to be in control of your code and the versions that have been created.

cons
1. sometimes you might forget to commit yet you have accomplished a specific milestone

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
This is because some files might be interelated hence a user might want to commit them all at once


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It allows one to access the previous version of application anytime even when something goes wrong within your code

